{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Flune missing near Tavern - recovered from under the city\par
Skewered Dragon tavern\par
\par
Lives near dock\par
Honorable knights throughout the city (giant knights that are there to protect the city)\par
2 vials healing potions (red liquid that glimmer when agitated)\par
Zentarim - aka The Black Network - tasked with taking down Xanathar want to end the violence and restore the peace\par
\par
 Starsong - friend of Yagra sun elf with the Zentarim - hired us to prevent deaths of elves\line Saved Heldar\par
Trollskull Inn - our home base - used to be owbed by Lifelos Galistar \par
Richal Pageturner (DragonBorne) - runs Nearby bookstoreand is also a Fence\par
Lord Yalah Gralhund - looking for the stone\par
Xanathar, Zentarim, and Yallah Gralhund looking for the stone \par
xoblob herb shop\par
Force Gray protects the city.\par
Go see Hlam  (monk of Force Gray?) to ask about threats to the city\par
Hlam:  Evil's twin hides its face for now.  Expect that to change before winter's end.\par
Vajrah- Manshoom\par
Black snake  -Zentarim\par
Eye tattoo - Xanathar\par
City guard captains  - Seth Cromley & Barnabas Blastwind\par
\par
---- Skeemo  owns the shop Wierdbottles Concoctions - made some mind reading potions for a lady in a purple cloak near the watcher -- GodCatcher\par
Vincent Trench - private detective helping hornraven.\par
Lady Hornraven having husband problems - saw some kind of puppet without strings  - which resembles the puppets in a parade called the "Day of Wonders parade" sponsored by the Gond Temple\par
Gond temple called "House of Inspired hands":  Seawatch/Shark street in the Sea ward.\par
Cloaked man took something from the body of a gnome.   Limping and badly burned.\par
Gnome who died in the blast had stone of galore.  Erstle took the stone.   Gnome works for Ranier's father.\par
Sebastian "Bastion"  - Jay 2's character\par
Nim - construct\par
Halfling leaf dealer - corner of Phull Ave\par
8 daggers, 1 heavy crossbow\par
year 1494\par
\b Frewn's brews - were-rat \par
12/11 \b0\par
Recap - Erstle Phlostom - leader of the Zentarim - is man with the limp - jumped out the window from Gralhund's.\par
Hired to find and destroy the automaton that killed the dwarf.\par
Neverember reports that Erstle was at Gralhund's earlier than we were.\par
Neverember's friend (Mirt of the Harpers) send us to meet Uza.  **'s Folly - Uza Solizeph is here  - has trapped a monster in her book shop - Sorn & Salibar \par
Uza's cat Filipa.\par
Uza - has seen a flying orb with lots of eyes.  Her cat related book shope yielded a Gazer.  I got 4 eyes\par
Stone of Galore is an Abolith transformed into a stone.\par
Embrick and Eldarth - Bar and grill\par
Flying snake comes in window: I would like to know more about what happened at Gralhund  Villa - from Istrid  Horn - meet at Aggron's statue in city of dead at high Sun tomorrow.  You'll be paid generously.\par
\par
Why were the Zentarim at the villa?\par
\par
12/18\par
\b Istrid \b0 convinces us to let her stay at the bar - but as Jorn, a male Dwarf\par
Talking rabbit beckons us to help \b Melinor Felbrand \b0 at the Emerald Enclave (last time they sent us to take down the scarecrows)\par
\b black viper \b0 - female cat burglar who robs wealthy estates is back.  She's a necromancer.  She may be a noble. (Gralhund?) #snake\par
Best place for herbs - ask for Tethrian at the Market \par
Find the Waterdeep wazoo and ask them what they know about the \par
\par
 viper\par
Waterdeep wazoo - corner of Immar and Stallion\par
cassalanters - editor of Wazoo met someone at the Gaxley Rudderbuss crypt in a cemetery\par
Be back before noon tomorrow so they can get it ready for print.\par
Cassalanters stolen cups worth 100gp.\par
Laryl Silverhand  - Lord of Waterdeep wants to recruit us for the Lord's Alliance (an org that uses civilans as spies) wants us to get Harko Swornhold with two Kenku companions. Open Lord.\par
\par
12/26\par
Fought Harko and Kenku and defeated them.\par
Met girl who is neice of the Cassalanters.  She turned out to be a demon \par
2 rubies (30gp ea\par
ch)\par
small bottle - cloud of thick smoke 60' radius (heavily obscured) 10 feet added per minute up to 120 feet radius.  Lasts for 30 minutes\par
1gp\par
6 sp\par
32 cp\par
2 Gallions - heartbreaker, hellraiser both have automatons of them - they're there for the Sea Maiden's fair and will be there for 10 day.\par
Totals\par
111 gp\par
21 sp\par
68 cp\par
\par
12/2\par
ambushed by Drow\par
captured two\par
Went to Eye catcher ship.  Zardoz offered us 1000 gp for the Stone of Galore\par
+ dagger \par
+rapier\par
Map with X with Grinda Garlof\par
1/22\par
24\par
Encounter with dwarves\par
4 Warpicks\par
Elaspra Ulmar (key maker) made the key we found in the crypt - Name dropped Mirt of the Harpers made key for Volkar Kibbens who lives in a old windmill\par
Losser Merklav (Halfling) hired the two grave diggers who live at the windmill for the Black Viper - Who took the stone from them,along   (Green Jadelike stone, oblong) Losser is hiding out in a place beneath the Dandy Mops.  \par
Took two keys and locked the grave robbers in the room.\par
2/6\par
Meloon WarDragon - friend of barkeep at Yawning Portal\par
14\par
2/12\par
22\par
12\par
2/19\par
Got the stone and summoned Lord NeverEmber to talk to him. Bastion attuned to it and got a bunch of info. Numnum will attune to it on his watch!\par
3/13\par
Fought black ooze,  killed it.  Collected vial of black ooze.\par
Used Pitons to climb to room 1\par
Room 1 - fake trap door, might trigger fire eyes \par
Room 2 - four empty suit of armors, but also some text\par
durnethoin - a secret will part durnathoin lips, \par
spoke a secret recipe and got into the dragon \par
Barok Clanghammer - gold dragon \par
\par
HP - 25 \par
8\par
9\par
\par
5 x urns @ 25gp\par
5 Tormelines x 100 = 500gp\par
200 cp\par
Magic Ring\par
10 Gold rings = 250gp\par
650 sp\par
250 GP\par
33 blue quartz = 330 gp\par
Statue w/ amythist eyes  = 250gp\par
ring of warmth - resist cold\par
magic rope of climbing - 50'\par
\par
Use your reaction to uncanny dodge!\par
3/26\par
Met with Davil @ Silver horde \par
We can get back with Zentarim for 5k OR to get kill Xanathar and get all the eye stalks is under the castle ward sewers.\par
Taught 3 Kobold chefs how to make recipes for the restaurant.\par
fought a grell\par
Zardoz came by and said we have to obtain a glass eye from Xanatar\par
fought shambling mound\par
20\par
Note:  Undermountain Beckons - see you at the yawning portal\par
4/3\par
\par
Skullport mission - deliver some money to the Flagon and the Dragon owner Kalal Kladani.s\par
\par
Went to a party at the request of Mirt\par
The GRalhunds were there, but disappeared when someone diverted our attention.\par
Lord Highmore got Corrin and Numnum High\par
Numnum thinks Highmore is a spy for the Gralhunds.\par
Lady running the party \par
Lachlon LaCroix - some kind of underling of the gralhunds...\par
Harper bar - Gleaming Horde\par
To Skullport  - sea caves to the underdark \par
\par
Found - Bronze mask behind a mirror\par
\par
\par
Beyond the pillar forest, the mad mage waits.  Casting spells behind the magic gates.\par
Mad Mage = Hallister black cloak - oldest founder of the city\par
Reliefs in opening hallway - \par
\tab Demons (east to west)- Balor, Barlgura, Chasme, Dretch, Glabrezu, Goristro, Hecrow \par
               (west to east) Marilith, Nalfnashnee, Quasit, Shadow Demon, Vrock, Yoclol\par
Sword -1 \par
str -2\par
-4\par
2\par
14 gp\par
14 sp\par
112 cp\par
Cleft shield \par
side 1: NIMR\par
side 2: AITH\par
\par
4/23\par
Used bronze mask to get to a place where we could ask three questions.  \line Apparently there's a mask to the Northwest\par
Halith Gark - some kind of undead trapped in a pit by his compatriots.  He's a revenant who wants revenge.\par
There's a 30 ft map of all levels and their entrances to the other levels.\par
Created a small scale version of the map.  \par
Button on skull - Pressed the button and a voice says  - Gate access to skullport disabled.\par
Comet is a button 16th \par
button to 23rd level\par
\par
\par
Midna Tarboth priest of shar, Rex the Hammer, copper stormforge, \par
8\par
27\par
\par
\par
\par
5/28/2021\par
1/2 lb Grick flesh\par
Minotaur skull eyes.\par
Agate 10\par
Zircon 50\par
\par
6/18\par
9\par
268 cp\par
95 sp\par
86 gp\par
\par
\par
Ring for 25 Dwarven sexual potency.\par
Key hidden in stone fresco.  \par
Room with statues of nobles Alindrin ((Smelly Bottom), Ruthinder (Stupid Skull) & Anthalis  (Born Toothless)\par
\par
Divella\par
\par
31\par
45\par
\par
Chain shirt - medium humanoid\par
Flail\par
Wooden Flute\par
Pouch\par
14 SP\par
29 Copper\par
\par
Pouch 21 GP\par
\par
Silver Necklace w/ Bloodstone pendant (250gp)\par
\par
7/2/2021\par
3 Disguise kits\par
Light crossbow + 14 bolts\par
Scimitar\par
Empty Pouch\par
Chime of opening 10x - open regular  - used 5 times.\par
Centipede venom for stew\par
orb light or daylight spell\par
29\par
Armor -1 AC \par
Dagger -1\par
copper crown with 6 malekite spires - 75gp\par
copper  tankard hinged lid - 25gp\par
burgalars pack\par
dagger\par
\par
7/9 goblin bazarre\par
30 g\par
25 s\par
60cp\par
circlet of human perfection - works only on humanoids\par
7/16\par
Spider guy - \par
\tab Silver key - 5gp\par
\tab Short Swords\par
\tab 14 gp\par
\tab Cool black cape\par
\tab vial of poison\par
7/23\par
100 gp\par
used 2 hit die.\par
scrap of paper with Xanathar code:  As many as there are stars in the sky.\par
Bone harpsicord\par
Scroll of Raise dead.\par
Dwoemer-Core and it's arcane secrets. \par
\par
9/3\par
silvered short sword\par
1125 xp\par
30' hemp rope.\par
Dwarven Goggles\par
\par
9/10\par
\par
\par
rizzeryl of house ozrinder- drow\par
Wants us to kill evil Xanathar minions.\par
Shun - evil drow we killed.  \par
Nadia the unbending\par
\par
Killed some spiders.  There are still some potentially live people in the coccoons.\par
\par
9/24\par
\par
Silk glands from a spider 20gp\par
silvered dagger\par
  20 cp\par
18 sp\par
5 gp\par
\par
7cp\par
77 sp\par
9 g\par
\par
7cp\par
10 s\par
7 gp\par
ring of swimming (Corrin)\par
Zombie beholder eyes.\par
10/1\par
\par
675 xp\par
Retrieved head of spider face guy, and now have both heads.\par
Fought Gelatinous Cube and Mimic that looked like gold.\par
Stumbled on Midna, who is hiding out from Halith Garc, Revenant we know as Leo. holy symbol of God Joakin (god of trade) and Shar - god of darkness and loss.\par
Tankards 5 gp each\par
10/15\par
Zirkwood barrels that are rumored to have healing properties.\par
Take-away enough for a a zirkwood bowl.\par
Malaerkin ale - 198 barrels  - preserves \par
Fought Mimics, avoided pits that only fall if you're not rolling on a barrel.\par
789 xp\par
Long hall, temple of Dwarven God of Dumethoin, keeper of secrets - two statues. Hall is defaced by magical tentacles covering dwarvens.\par
Room off the side with 4 carytids that looks like stoic female elves in flowing garb, and a floating thing. Each holds a branch, made of a different type of wood.\par
10/22\par
Found four column room that turns animal/monster statues into real things.\par
Fought 2 Owlbears. made some healing snacks and owlbear pate.\par
Triggered a trap.\par
Cookbook/Travelogue from Calumshan  - Calushite Cooking (south of Waterdeep)\par
\par
10/29\par
600 electrum (150 each)\par
2000 silver  (500 sp each)\par
10000 copper\par
Fought Chimera.  3 Gricks.  Shaved of some Chimera meat.  50 gp\par
No XP\par
11/5\par
3 GP (PAID) each from giant spiders, 3 drow, Quaggoth, Grimlocks, \par
Carlyle has 8 more minutes of Spiritual Guardians\par
+2000 xp\par
\par
11/19\par
8 Crystal eyes for 5 gp each.\par
Onyx spider figurine - 25 gp\par
8 sticks of incense - 1 gp each\par
dagger - intricately made - tiny reservoir for spider venom poison (3 doses) dc 13 con save - paralyzed until save each round\par
folded spider-silk robe tiny golden spiders woven in. - 90 gp\par
leather bound spell book - owned by Marta Moonshadow\par
Chromatic Orb\par
Cone of COld\par
counterspell\par
detect magic\par
dispel magi\par
enlarge reduce\par
fireball\par
fly\par
greater invis\par
ice storm\par
mage arm\par
magic misssile\par
shield\par
suggestion\par
polymorph\par
birchwood wand\par
Key found in Goblin head\par
Emerald Fish Gem - Conjure water elemental living in waterskin.\par
Weird words - level 3/20D Committed to memory words from\par
11/26\par
found entrances to the river as well as Tiefling skeleton Ferryman.\par
Found the entrance to Mel Ar Kin ( A clan of dwarves were famed to have built - thousands of years ago - the dungeons under waterdeep that Halister took over.  He built his wizard's tower a thousand years ago. \par
Alabaster throne carved by the Elves of Illefarn - now hidden beneath a plaster block.\par
After dispatching some hobgoblins, Kill-use the Skull Crusher leads us to Azrock.  \par
QUEST: Azrock wants us to go get a dagger from Clan Iron Eye - a group of Dueregar (gray dwarves).  They went to Skull Port. Lurkana is Azrock's right hand - said do this for us because we keep order for Waterdeep.  1000 gp\par
\par
12/10\par
Fought and then butchered a cloaker for skin and meat.\par
Matrim - a guy who knows about Skullport\par
Duergar are poisoned by Cinnamon.\par
12/17\par
Nyloth - old drow - owns a books store.  Has a scroll with Rolothim's Psychic Lance\par
-13 from tentacle attack\par
Invitation from Lady Misrub to dinner.\par
\par
---------\par
intellect devouer as food\par
\par
----\par
leader of Slaver Caravan - Maldrid the Black \par
slaves are shield dwarves (mountain dwarves)\par
Prince Tormund Blacktooth (descendent of Malerkin) from Citadel Sundobar (northern Faerun near Silvery Moon) was traveling with companions when captured and enslaved by Maldrick (now dead).  Thankful and presents a relic of his people called BlackFist.  All black warhammer.  \par
1267 gp\par
3405 sp\par
4 healing potions\par
black plate armor\par
Dwarven priest of carousing, brewing and singing\par
\par
1/21/2022\par
Skellah Ironeye\par
1/28/2022\par
\par
Statues of gods.\par
\par
3/4\par
Note from Yagra - Meet me in Undercliff at the orange Reindeer\par
Zentarim will meet us tonight at midnight\par
Rumbuckle's  - a wacky magic shop\par
\par
3/18\par
After the battle with the mind flayer and pseudo beholder - we are left in a long hall. We go see Yagra aand she and Davil have the following quest:\par
\b Lady Alustrial Silverhand \b0 - ruler of Silvery Moon (Gem of the North, Confederation of the Silver marches) East Faerun - Sister of Laryal Silverhand - of a total of seven sisters\par
Carlyle death dream - Celeste tells him to Seek out Alustrial after dreaming of a black cloud from skullport engulfing Waterdeep.\par
\b Aravain Blacksheath \b0 - missing like Amelia Earhardt with lots of rumor - \ul Find resting place\ulnone\par
\b Zardoz (Jarloxly Baneray - head of the Brigand Darth) quest \b0 - Xanathar keeps a pet goldfish Sylgar that we need to get.\par
Numnum is in dark poetry phase\par
\par
CAT STUfF\par
3 Potions of healing\par
Any Normal gear\par
1 +1 Magic Weapon of choice\par
1 other magic item, of reasonable sort up to ring of invisibility\par
\par
Nature, performance pursuasio, sleight of hand, Athletics\par
4/1\par
\b Amphail- farming village that produces food for Waterdeep\b0\par
Yagra enjoys raw blood boar.  (told other ladies to stay away from me)\par
Amphail- farming village that produces food for Waterdeep\par
Chantaua - Godess of Agriculture temple.\par
Shrine to Auriel - Godess of winter\par
Talos - God of Storms.\par
* Davil loses a rap battle with Carlisle.\par
\par
Adamantine Chain Shirt from Fallen Hero (crits become normal hits, ac 13, no penalty to stealth, max ac is 15)\par
Longbow +1 \par
Ring of Jumping\par
Ring of Warmth\par
Ioun Stone of leadership\par
2800 gp\par
500 sp \par
1100 cp\par
\par
\par
-----\par
\par
\par
---8 Crystal eyes for 5 gp each. (40)\par
Onyx spider figurine - 25 gp\par
8 sticks of incense - 1 gp each (8)\par
folded spider-silk robe tiny golden spiders woven in. - 90 gp\par
copper crown with 6 malekite spires - 75gp\par
copper  tankard hinged lid - 25gp\par
\par
\par
263\par
\par
leather bound spell book - owned by Marta Moonshadow - \par
\par
document.querySelector("#mylastrolls").setAttribute("id","mylastrollsxxx");\par
\par
\par
4/22\par
Madam Moongraves, a fortune teller - sucks soul out\par
disadvantage on all wisdom checks - Fate is in the hands of CAelemvor  God of death)\par
\par
4/30\par
Beat the fiend\par
Five temples of Kalemvore\par
balders gate\par
Tower of skulls\par
True temple of the dead - ravens bluff\par
Skull Spire - South therounian town\par
Kalemport\par
Fought a mage, and some fake kracken.  \par
\par
\par
\par
3 Potions\par
1 Scroll\par
1 +1 weapon or armor or shield\par
magic item\par
\par
\par
5/13\par
\par
CAT ADVENTURE!\par
Sylgar is the fish we're looking for.\par
Info we know:\par
There's a door that goes straight to Xanathar - members of Xanathar's group know the password, but it changes every ten day.\par
29 hp\par
\par
Captain Kay is running unknown contraband on his ship the Happy Dog.\par
Only slaves that were purchased from the iron ring can be servants in Xanathar's lair.\par
GRoz, a half ogre gladiator, currently in jail with the city watch - works for Xanathar.\par
\par
Rumor:  the fish is always starving and gets replaced by his slaves\par
All entrances to Xanathar's layers are protected by Scrying eyes.\par
\par
Tunnels are accessible from the Laughing spider\par
\par
Thurdran's chamber - library\par
Fastaff Cakebane- knows the old layout from before Xanathar took over the lair.\par
\par
3 ways in.  Lair is 2 levels\par
2 circular chambers,  and an amphitheater and a maze\par
secret door to lower level where Few would know about it.\par
\par
Xanathar supposedly a beholder\par
\par
6/3/2022\par
We got half ogre out of jail. He referred us to Ott Steeltoes.\par
Ott knows where the door to Xanathar is.  Worships demon queen or fungi.  Cultivates fungas and mold.  Wears hat that looks like a beholder, with fake eyestalks.\par
6/10\par
\par
garl zimbrindoss - drow - has been murdered.\par
known as agent of xanathar - double agent working for brigand darth\par
\par
Xanathar guys come out of bar - Captured a Tiefling named Jandar Chergoba - servant of the Cassalanters - "for a servant he was a tough little bastard",  - will probably have to fight in Xanathar's next tournament.\par
Password is "Xanathar's Regards"\par
Laughing Spider visitors - Mix of shady humans, Duergar, Shield dwarves, Niflihim (underdark gnomes), very few Drow.\par
6/17\par
Instrument maker - Calemar Aleval - drow master musical instrument crafts person\par
8/12\par
Jimbal Grosk - trades in exotic mushrooms in eEvermore.  Needs a list for a future shipment in exchange for free room and board in a town. - bought some mushrooms and dropped off a list to him.\par
fought 2 trolls and got:\par
13x50gp Gems \par
300 cp\par
3000 sp\par
2800 gp - 500gp for mushroom\par
140 pp\par
potion greater healing\par
wand magic detection\par
caterpillar's heart mushroom - value 1000gp\par
psychadellic mushrooms\par
Lurkwood forest\par
May need to prove we're worthy to pass through these lands to get to the Tomb of Arabain is right in the middle of Thunder Beast territory.\par
zed faced off against them\par
befriended the umbermore tribe\par
8/19\par
Encountered crocodile, then a dragon appeared.\par
Numnum is frightened.\par
8/26\par
Dragon is laughing at us in the darkness after we killed his pet crocodile.\par
art object 250 gold for each of us.\par
potion of climbing\par
potion of growth\par
potion of healing\par
15000 gp\par
1800 pp\par
helm of brilliance - 1 Diamond - 13 Rubies - 14 Fire opals - 16 Opals\par
   + Opal Daylight\par
   + Fire Opal - Fireball  - (1 weaon bursts into flames\par
   + Diamond Prismatic Spray (emits dim light when undead is within 30')\par
   + Ruby - Wall of Fire (resistance to Fire dam)\par
rod of alertness\par
dragon scales - plate armor worthy\par
\par
9/2\par
\par
Glimfell - \par
Snarpa - kobold figurine\par
Thianxes Belprax - dragonborne - blue -wizard with staff\par
trakian springshine - Elf - lute - brighly colored cloak\par
poison knife and blowgun, vial of poison\par
\par
9/23\par
Found out that we need to kill Lord Cassalantern - with a special dagger from God Kelumvor!\par
Plan - poison, killing blow, then revivafy.\par
Need to go collect money and hunt exotic "Mind Swiper Lizard" to get a poison to take out Lord Cassalantern and make him forget he was killed.\par
\par
10/1\par
Got the lizards\par
Got paid by Jarloxly's wife Misren with Rod of tentacles.\par
Val's got attacked by demons\par
-9 damage\par
\par
10/7\par
snake symbol on dead val and sebastian\par
might be the black viper\par
\par
10/21\par
Glinda Cassalantern is marrying outlander Lord Birsha Appylonian from western seas.\par
(from the south, across the sea, or way in the barbaric east)\par
western seas cuisine\par
Went to the astral plane to get a special gold spinning worm.  Fought an astral dragon.  brought back worm.  Gained a level.\par
\par
10/28\par
Not to leave kitchen area\par
Don't go into wine cellar\par
They've hired someone from vintner's guild stored in a tent.\par
Written event for various events.\par
Talking horse belongs to Romalia Haventree\par
\par
\par
12/2\par
TEleportation circle in corner\par
Wand of fear 7 charges 1d6 +1 regen Command, Cone of fear \par
Talisman of Ultimate Evil\par
3 Scrolls of create undead\par
Dagger +1 +1d6 necrotic, when attacking a good character they take 2d6 - on save, wielder takes d6 radiant\par
Ring of Protection\par
\\\par
\par
12/16\par
hanging out in a tomb\par
oricalcium - 50% adamantine , gold, other metals - prevents entry between planes.\par
\par
2/10/2022\par
816 xp\par
7 Hook Horrors\par
Gave Cuotoa some potable water and mushroom farm.\par
\par
\par
3/10\par
3300 cp\par
670 s\par
350 g\par
\par
600g\par
copper goblet 1gp\par
silver pitcher 5gp\par
rotted leather bracer 3 paridots - 500 gp each\par
corked bottle - spell scroll - magic weapon\par
Boot (boot of elven kind)\par
Amulet (abjuration) of construct control\par
\par
--\par
3/17\par
2 Potions of Healing\par
3 Javelins\par
\par
4/7/2023\par
CATS  \par
rare and ancient spellbook shadow \par
enchanted sword - necrotic sword\par
suit of shadow touched armor -resist necrotic + stealth\par
pouch, enchanted shadow gems -absorbs light from light spell or all light within 30'\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 